# Config File

Right now, a Yarte configuration file can have the following:

- **`main`** (general configuration - optional): with attribute
  - **`dir`**: name of template directory. If no value is given, a default directory
**`templates`** will be used. If the defined directory is not found, an error
will prompt.
  - **`debug`**: type of output of debug mode. The code and/or  ast generated by  Yarte
can be visualize, to do so, at most one of three possible values has to be given:
`code`, `ast`, or `all`.

- **`partials`** (partials aliasing - optional): each entry must be of the type
`name_alias = "./alias/path/"`, where `./` makes reference to `dir` value. Path
must exist, or error will be prompt. If the tag `partials` doesn't exist no aliasing
will be possible.

- **`debug`** (debugging configuration - optional): in order to visualize clearly generated code
in a debugging environment Yarte gives it a tabulated format, and the possibility
to see the number line, use a colour theme. Options are the following:

  - **`number_line`** (default:  `false`): Boolean, if set to `true` number lines will appear
in debug-mode.
  - **`theme`** (default: `zenburn`): String, color theme used in debugging environment.
Possible values are:
    - `DarkNeon`,
    - `GitHub`,
    - `Monokai Extended`,
    - `Monokai Extended Bright`,
    - `Monokai Extended Light`,
    - `Monokai Extended Origin`,
    - `OneHalfDark`,
    - `OneHalfLight`,
    - `Sublime Snazzy`,
    - `TwoDark`,
    - `zenburn`
  - **`grid`** (default:  `false`): Boolean
  - **`header`** (default:  `false`): Boolean
  - **`paging`** (default:  `false`): Boolean
  - **`short`** (default:  `true`): Boolean, if set to `false` to verbose

### Example of a config file
```toml
[main]
dir = "templates"
debug = "all"

[partials]
alias = "./deep/more/deep"

[debug]
theme = "zenburn"
number_line = true
grid = true
header = true
paging = false
short = false
```

With this configuration, the user can call `alias` in a partial instance with
`{{> alias context}}` or `{{> alias}}` if the current context is well defined.
